Update section Differences with Ethereum (#689)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/for-devs/concepts/differences-between-arbitrum-ethereum/solidity-support.mdx

---
title: 'Solidity support'
sidebar_label: Solidity support
sidebar_position: 3
description: This concept page provides information about the differences between Arbitrum and Ethereum in terms of support of the Solidity language, so developers can easily understand what to expect when deploying to Arbitrum
target_audience: developers who want to build on Arbitrum
content-type: concept
---

> Arbitrum chains are Ethereum compatible, and therefore allow you to trustlessly deploy Solidity smart contracts, as well as Vyper or any other language that compiles to EVM bytecode. However, when calling certain properties and functions on a Solidity smart contract, there might be some differences between the result you'd obtain if that contract was on Ethereum, and the result on Arbitrum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arbitrum chains are Ethereum compatible, and therefore allow you to trustlessly deploy Solidity smart contracts, as well as contracts written in Vyper or any other language that compiles to EVM bytecode. However, when calling certain properties and functions on a Solidity smart contract, there might be some differences between the result you'd obtain if that contract was on Ethereum, and the result on Arbitrum.
```

| `blockhash(x)`     | Returns a cryptographically insecure, pseudo-random hash for `x` within the range `block.number - 256 <= x < block.number`. If `x` is outside of this range, `blockhash(x)` will return `0`. This includes `blockhash(block.number)`, which always returns `0` just like on Ethereum. The hashes returned do not come from L1. ⚠️ Arbitrum's L2 block hashes should not be relied on as a secure source of randomness.                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | `block.coinbase`   | Returns the designated internal address `0xA4b000000000000000000073657175656e636572` if the message was posted by a sequencer. It it's a delayed message, it returns the address of the delayed message's poster (Note: the handling of delayed message's `block.coinbase` will likely be changed in ArbOS v11).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `block.coinbase`   | Returns the designated internal address `0xA4b000000000000000000073657175656e636572` if the message was posted by a sequencer. If it's a delayed message, it returns the address of the delayed message's poster (Note: the handling of delayed message's `block.coinbase` will likely be changed in ArbOS v11).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```

> | `block.difficulty` | Returns the constant 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `block.difficulty` | Returns the constant 1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

> | `block.difficulty` | Returns the constant 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `block.difficulty` | Returns the constant 1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| `block.number`     | Returns an "estimate" of the L1 block number at which the sequencer received the transaction. For more information, see [Block numbers and time](/for-devs/concepts/differences-between-arbitrum-ethereum/block-numbers-and-time.mdx).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | `msg.sender`       | Works the same way it does on Ethereum for regular L2 to L2 transactions. For L1 to L2 transactions (also known as "retryable tickets"), it will return the L2 address alias of the L1 contract that triggered the message. For more information, see [retryable ticket address aliasing](/arbos/l1-to-l2-messaging.mdx#address-aliasing).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `msg.sender`       | Works the same way it does on Ethereum for regular L2 to L2 transactions. For transactions submitted via the delayed inbox, it will return the L2 address alias of the L1 contract that triggered the message. For more information, see [address aliasing](/arbos/l1-to-l2-messaging.mdx#address-aliasing).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```
